can you think of anything related to
your fingerprints and pineapples where
they get you get the quite spiky they
are spiky that's true the pineap-- I was
watching Qi one evening when Stephen Fry
said something that really caught that's
an enzyme which is called bromelain and
bromelain actually erases and destroys
the fingerprints of people who work with
pineapples it was used as a plot point
in an episode of Hawaii five-o I like my
fingers in a tin of pineapple rings
overnight they become a master criminal
possible so I went to my local
supermarket and bought a pineapple and
four pints of milk the milk wasn't
anything to do with the experiment I
just run out of milk my plan was simple
according to what I've read most of
Brahma Lane is in the step so then cut
off the top slice off the spiny bit on
the outside and put the rest of it in
here and grind to the kind of a paste
that I can put on my food bloody
terrible knife it was a bloody terrible
night never buy Tesco value knives
the pineapple goo wasn't particularly
appealing that really doesn't look nice
twice a day I'm going to dip my fingers
into this goop and then after a few
minutes of him
steep I'm going to scrub them with this
pineapple tentatively I put my fingers
in the goo it was unpleasant yeah I
think it's just my brain making it up
but my skin feels tight it's starting to
sting a little after waiting a bit more
for the digestion to happen I scoured my
fingers on the pineapple for a good 15
minutes and did the same again the day
after twice Dawson soul patches came up
I wanna couple my fingers last night but
I think everything's pretty much okay um
so good but then the pineapple again
watch some TV and see what comes that's
actually really nice it's been in the
fridge okay
uh it's been half an hour um gonna try
scouring I'm not really looking forward
to this cuz last time is a little
painful I've switched using a dish scale
um because the pineapple out of it
doesn't keep that ball in the fridge so
um that's gonna dry it hurt twenty
minutes later just finished wash my
hands and for the first time I'm
starting to think this may actually
really not be a good idea
my fingertips were permanently red I'd
taken off the first layers of my skin
roughly equivalent to first-degree burns
honestly in uh in quite a lot of pain
it's making you slightly irritable as
well it's making me annoyed I spilled
pasture all over the place for coming
and swearing and cursing are not
normally that bad they're stinging
pretty much constantly like like I've
been hit by a pile of nettles and that's
from just holding them in midair if I
actually touch anything like like press
a key on a keyboard or or do anything it
sends a real shot of painters I think
I've done too much too fast I'm gonna
scrub once a day from now on when I'm
going to bed so it's got time to heal
overnight so I'm not completely messed
up for the whole day on day eight I have
a new pineapple and
seemed a bit better so far that is
cracked really cracked like hopefully
it's gonna be okay
but then things took a turn for the
worse at 4 a.m. on day 13
i ginger lee set up my camera there's
someone holding a lighter to everyone my
fingers and if I touch anything or if if
the sheets on the bed um rub against my
fingers it it wakes me up again and um
oh I need sleep the next day I met
someone who told me about a man who
tried to remove his fingerprints before
me and at last I decided to stop John
Dillinger seen here in an FBI file photo
was a bank robber during the Great
Depression in a 1935 article from the
Journal of criminal law and criminology
professor Harold Cummins the father of
modern fingerprint science describes how
Dillinger applied acid to his fingertips
it didn't work it mutilated him and no
doubt caused him tremendous pain but the
fingerprints weren't badly damaged they
just healed it turns out that to
actually destroy your fingerprints you
have to go down to a depth of about 1
millimeter most even if you need a skin
graft
so fingerprints can't be removed with
kind pull there's only one way to
actually do it yeah ah no I'm just
kidding us
you